CSE 331 Homework 3.  Answers to Written questions.
Edit this file to supply your answers.

Name:  <replace this with your name>

Problem 6.

(a)
Because the 0 is nonnegative number but the algorithm says
n <= 0 throw exception and says n is negative number. To fix
it we need to set it to n < 0 instead of n <= 0.

(b)
Because the sequence index starts at 0 and the first two numbers
are 1, it should return 1 when n = 0, 1. However, the algorithm
says it return 1 when n <= 2. To fix it, we need to change it
from n <= 2 to n < 2

(c)
This test failed because it is expecting 2 when we input 2 in it,
which is the sum of previous two numbers. However, the algorithm
is returning the difference between previous two numbers. To fix
it, we need to change the minus "-"  to plus "+".

Problem 7. 

1. The getVolume returns 0 and not return the volume of the ball.
To fix it, I change the return value to volume.

In the Ball constructor, volume input is assigned to volume input
itself. To fix it, we can change the input volume assign to
this.volume which the volume of the ball and can distinguish from
the input name.

2. I think the first one is better because the second one requires
to create a new global variable.

3.The first way to implement getBallsFromSmallest() is to add a
comparator interface in the box class and define the compare method
with the difference between the first ball's volume and the second
ball's volume. Then use an Arraylist to store the balls and use sort
method and comparator to sort it in ascending order.

The second possible way to implement getBallsFromSmallest() is to
sort the balls when adding and removing balls from container. This
requires to create an arraylist in ballcontainer and this arraylist
will keep track of every ball's and sort them based on their volume.
In this way, the box only need to return the iterator of this arraylist

I think the better way is the first one because the second one make
it complex to keep track of the balls all the time. Also, the contents and
this arraylist have similar function and this is kind of redundant.

